Saurabh Nair
Business Analytics Student
A motivated and hardworking student currently pursuing BBA in Business
Analytics at Christ University Pune Lavasa. Seeking an internship to apply
and grow my knowledge in using business intelligence and data-driven
tools to make business decisions.

Contact

Experience

Phone

2022-Present

+91 8450972766

University Student Council

Email
saurabh.nair@bba.christuniversity.in

Education
2021-Present
BBA (Business Analytics)
Christ University Pune Lavasa
Sem 1:- 3.32 GPA on 4-point scale
Sem 2:- 3.17 GPA on 4-point scale
Sem 3:- 3.5 GPA on 4-point scale
2019-2021
DAV Public School, New Panvel
Class 12th - 89.6%
2007-2019
St Joseph's High School, Panvel
Class 10th- 88.4%

Expertise & Skills

Representative of BBA (Business Analytics)
Currently representing the BBA (Business Analytics) Department as a University
Level Student Council Member. Responsible for heading and conducting various
activities conducted within the University, Open Forums and heading regular
meetings of the Student Council. Acting as the link between the management
and the students, addressing the concerns of the student body to the
management for improving the campus life and culture for the students.

2021-Present

Student Welfare Office (SWO)

Stage Volunteer
Volunteering for the Student Welfare Office as a stage volunteer. Role here is
to Co-operate with the heads and other volunteers before, during and after an
event for smooth functioning throughout the event. Making sure all equipment,
props and other necessary items are available for making an event a successful
one.

2022

Microsoft Excel

NAAC Visit Hospitality Team

Video Editing

Volunteer

MySQL (Basics)

Chosen as a volunteer for 12-person Hospitality Team during the National
Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC) Peer Team's Visit to our campus.
Role here was to manage the hospitality of the visiting dignitaries, arranging for
their catering needs, managing the logistics and overall flow of event by cooperating with the other volunteers.

Orange Data Mining (Data
Visualization and Analyzing Trends)
Leadership
Oral & Written Communication
Analytical skills & Creative Thinking

Language
-English
-Hindi
-Malayalam
-Marathi

Relevant Courses and Projects Completed
Spreadsheet Application in Analytics
Foundation of Data Science
Business Mathematics
Microeconomics
Macroeconomics
Business Statistics
Basics of R Programming
Global Capital Markets and Investment Banking

Introduction to Business Analytics
Product Management and Analytics
Operations Research Analytics
Introduction to Database Management Systems
Marketing Management
Financial Management
Human Resource Management
Introduction to Adobe Photoshop Tools - Volume 1

PROJECTS
Industry Review Project on "Study on performance of Chemical Industry"

